q3 root priv guide

To check if you can gain root access on your Quest 3 or 3s, run `adb shell getprop ro.build.version.incremental`


If the number that pops up is 
Panther|Quest 3s `1176880085300610` (79.0.0.1187.593.767170732)
Eureka|Quest 3 from `51154110129000520` (79.0.0.1239.593.774348660)
or **higher** than these numbers, **you cannot root** at this point in time. Type `!newroot` for more information.

If your incremental version is lower than the number above for your headset, you can root!

We suggest using eventhorizon for people that just want root without needing a computer or adb shell. To get started, sideload the APK from the original repository and open the app. **For more details, including a link to the repository, type** `!eh`.

If you want root access via an adb shell, you can check below which guides you through rooting with an executable. You can also go full raw through [zhuowei’s cheese](https://github.com/zhuowei/cheese).

Happy rooting!

# CMDLINE guide
Make sure you have a quest 3 or 3s (IT WILL NOT WORK ON OTHER DEVICES!) and you also need adb (android debug bridge) **THIS IS NOT FOR THE END USER**

**Options:**
- Choose to disable SELinux, gain root, both, or install Magisk with both.
- Optionally dump the kernel image.
- Optionally launch a shell with toybox nc (`localhost:1234`)

Now lets get started

## Lets do this stuff

For the first thing, DISABLE OTA UPDATES! (This is needed so you cant get updates that patches the exploit)
```sh
adb shell pm disable-user --user 0 com.oculus.updater
```

Run this first (this will send everything to the quest)
```sh
adb push exploit /data/local/tmp
```
Then run this
```sh
adb shell
chmod +x /data/local/tmp/exploit/exploit
/data/local/tmp/exploit/exploit
```

In that exact order, this will run the exploit, temporarily allowing you access to a root shell until a reboot.
